Thoughts









Based on your vision, I'll create a comprehensive AI Career Navigator platform that intelligently matches users with internships, study abroad programs, and career opportunities. This will be a production-ready MVP with sophisticated AI-powered matching and a polished user experience.

Core Features:

CV upload with drag-and-drop functionality and intelligent parsing
Interactive questionnaire for users without CVs ready
AI-powered opportunity matching based on skills, interests, and goals
Curated database of internships, study abroad programs, and grants
Calendar integration with deadline tracking and .ics export
Personalized dashboard with saved opportunities and application progress
Advanced filtering and search capabilities
Email reminder system for upcoming deadlines
Design Elements:

Modern gradient-based design with deep blues (#1e40af), vibrant teals (#0891b2), and accent oranges (#ea580c)
Smooth micro-interactions and hover states throughout the interface
Clean typography with proper hierarchy and 150% line spacing for readability
Card-based layout with subtle shadows and rounded corners for opportunity listings
Responsive design optimized for mobile (<768px), tablet (768-1024px), and desktop (>1024px)
Progressive disclosure pattern with collapsible sections and modal overlays
Consistent 8px spacing system and visual balance across all components
AI Career Navigator Platform

package.json
index.html
src/types/index.ts
src/data/opportunities.ts
src/components/Header.tsx
src/components/CVUpload.tsx
src/components/Questionnaire.tsx
src/components/OpportunityCard.tsx
src/components/Dashboard.tsx
src/App.tsx
npm run dev
I've created a comprehensive AI Career Navigator platform that intelligently matches users with career opportunities. The application features a sophisticated interface with CV upload capabilities, an interactive questionnaire system, and a personalized dashboard showcasing curated internships, study abroad programs, grants, and fellowships. The platform includes advanced filtering, calendar integration for deadline tracking, and a beautiful gradient-based design with smooth micro-interactions throughout the user journey.

I'm importing your project into Bolt. This may take a moment as I set everything up. Once it's ready, you'll be able to explore and interact with your code.

Importing Bolt Project

sb1-s8ekjc4h
npm install
npm run dev
I've successfully imported your project. I'm ready to assist you with analyzing and improving your code.

96K daily tokens remaining.
Subscribe to Pro for 66x more usage

Clear
Update